if you've seen Aquaman one of the DCU's
most fascinating entries in their
universe then you're aware that the
movies mythology briefly shows the
dynasty that was the kingdom of Atlantis
so let's dive in
yeah you see what I did there once
existing on land then swallowed into the
depths of the sea after an experiment
gone wrong this race of people evolved
and separated into seven kingdoms so now
that the sequel is confirmed to be
coming out on December 16th of 2022
let's get acquainted with the specifics
of each of these seven nations
first up is Atlantis which remains the
most technologically advanced society
comprised of some of the fiercest
warriors they are one of the kingdoms
that maintain their human-like
physiology gaining enhanced abilities
such as being able to breathe underwater
eyes that adjust to the darkness of the
sea and enhance strength to survive the
crushing pressures of the deep ocean
they are the largest Atlantean Kingdom
and rebuilt most of their destroyed
civilization
[Music]
Zebulon other-- kingdom that shares the
humanoid physiology as atlantis they
share the physical capabilities as
atlantis and are just as formidable in
combat they rival Atlantis but form an
alliance in the movie to rise up against
the surface world they are ruled by King
Nereus Mira's father similar to Atlantis
zeb was one of the more honorable
powerful kingdoms the trench physically
they appear to have devolved into
monster like creatures he's horrifying
beastly creatures are the guardians of
the hidden kingdom protecting King
Atlanta tried it they are ruled by the
trench king and they live in the deepest
point of the ocean the Marianas Trench
they are savage and attacked trespassers
of their territory with no mercy to feed
their endless appetite the trench are
drawn to the true leader of Atlantis in
the comics which is similar to them
guarding the passage to the trident in
the movie and in the comics only three
of Atlantis kingdoms survive beings Ebel
the trench and Atlantis so it's nice
that the other four are being expanded
on in the movie universe the fishermen
they are portrayed as the peaceful
civilization of scientists who hope to
one day teach the surface dwellers of
Atlantean Thwaites they are philosophers
and intellectuals and they did not
maintain their full human appearance
instead evolving to a hybrid human
fish-like form then there's the brine
this kingdom evolved into appearing more
animalistic these crab like crustaceans
prefer to be left alone and not
necessarily violent but their sheer
brutality gives them more than enough
capabilities of defending themselves as
I've seen in the final battle of the
movie this civilisation resides on the
seafloor and they are considered the
best hunters of the Seven Kingdoms
[Music]
check this place out this is bad the
deserters this kingdom was comprised of
the master blacksmith but were
unfortunately wiped out when the sahara
dried up and turned into a desert they
crafted the powerful sacred Trident of
King Atlin and were among some of the
most trusted inhabitants of Atlantis the
missing kingdom and asked for the
seventh kingdom it is not clearly stated
in the movie whether the hidden sea at
the Earth's core is it but it is
prominent in the movie this isolated
prehistoric land where assume distinct
beasts live is breathtaking but I'm not
too sure if this is actually the seventh
kingdom this will more than likely be
explained in the sequels but what do you
think the missing kingdom of Atlantis is
and if you enjoy keeping up with the
latest DC news Marvel news Gahee news
and everything in between be sure to
subscribe and turn on those
notifications so you won't miss out on
any content like this thanks for
watching and I'm gonna stop talking now
so 5
[Music]